#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.1
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==25.4.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via unstructured
boto3==1.34.144
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-aws
botocore==1.34.162
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bottleneck==1.6.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   typer-slim
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via pymongo
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
docx2txt==0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
emoji==2.15.0
    # via unstructured
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via unstructured-client
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.20.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   unstructured
flatbuffers==25.9.23
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.27.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.122.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-bigquery==3.38.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.15.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.46.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.3
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.76.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-status==1.76.0
    # via google-api-core
grpcio-tools==1.76.0
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hf-xet==1.2.0
    # via huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
huggingface-hub==0.36.0
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
jiter==0.11.1
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-aws==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.3.21
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.79
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mongodb
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-google-vertexai==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-mongodb==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-ollama==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.35
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-qdrant==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nltk==3.9.2
    # via unstructured
numexpr==2.14.1
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   bottleneck
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mongodb
    #   numexpr
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   qdrant-client
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
ollama==0.6.0
    # via langchain-ollama
onnxruntime==1.23.2
    # via rapidocr-onnxruntime
openai==2.6.1
    # via langchain-openai
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via rapidocr-onnxruntime
opencv-python-headless==4.9.0.80
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.11.4
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==12.0.0
    # via
    #   python-pptx
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
    #   sentence-transformers
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via qdrant-client
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==6.33.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.1.2
    # via unstructured
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via rapidocr-onnxruntime
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via langchain-community
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymongo==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-mongodb
pypandoc==1.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdf==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.19
    # via -r requirements.in
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
    #   transformers
qdrant-client==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-qdrant
rapidfuzz==3.14.1
    # via unstructured
rapidocr-onnxruntime==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2025.10.23
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
shapely==2.1.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rapidocr-onnxruntime
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.12.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
torch==2.9.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.57.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   grpcio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer-slim
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
unstructured==0.16.19
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.28.1
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
validators==0.35.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
wrapt==2.0.0
    # via unstructured
xlrd==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
xlsxwriter==3.2.9
    # via python-pptx
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
